the west coast of America has a thriving
vampire scene so I left New York and
headed for Los Angeles my first
encounter just outside LA was with a
girl who has an exceptional role within
the blood-drinking community
the near ducked pub is a vampire bar out
in Hollywood every year they named a new
spigot girl ass pick it out here is
considered to be a place where water
runs out of they call that a spigot
that's why they gave me that nickname
and because I was the one that donated
the most blood within a certain amount
of time and made bumper stickers after
it too
when I went to school no I wasn't
popular I knew all the outcasts the
popular kids didn't like me and I just
didn't like them either one of the
groups that I did hang out with at my
school were the basic goth group they
were a major outcasts I mean they didn't
hang out with anybody else as I further
got into the goth scene I was with the
vampire goth friend of mine and we were
talking about how she had a donor which
she drank blood from and it was a really
close friend of hers and I decided why
not so that's when I started and I let
her and drank for me what did she do she
cut me and from there she just drank my
would being drank from it's not exactly
a reality type hi
it's a spiritual high relax type feeling
I've been donating blood for about five
years ever since I was 15 do your
parents know what you do actually no
they don't
my parents have no idea
my mother has seen my scars before but
she asked me what happened and I'd tell
her oh I accidentally scraped myself
when I was picking up a box or something
like that I wouldn't exactly tell her
how I got it
tonight is Halloween and I'm going to
the near dark coming
takes me about an hour and a half to two
hours to get there depending on traffic
everybody gathers there from around the
area of Hollywood
and drinks and has fun and also drinks
play we're now walking into the near
dark pub
and their dark pub is actually a lot of
fun they play a lot of industrial and
goth type music they have candles
everywhere and they also do other
individual things like light fires
when I go there and I donate I'll go up
to my friends and just say hey you know
you want to go out back in or do you
want me to donate and usually we talked
for a second then we go usually into a
dark back corner and go ahead and do it
Eridani what she said clothes on she's
been in a smoky place so anything that's
gonna go into her body's gonna pick up
anything that's on the surface of her
skin and would wind up going into her so
first first we have to sterilize the
area right over here is that good right
there
he fed from the Mandarin the parsley yes
I have set off before she's three nights
this week whenever I donate my friends
use on me diabetic needles or sometimes
Nia's razors rune I use I've had people
tell me that my blood is tastes really
good to them it's not bad or bitter
what does it feel like to dream that
boat it feels very very very good it
takes a while for the effects of it to
take effect but the beginning of it the
actual taking feels very very good
because it's the foreknowledge I know
what I'm going to feel like in just a
little while
and that should do I don't want to take
too much on donating blood I would do it
not all the time I had to stop because
of my scars because I had too many of
them and they weren't all the way healed
yet and I didn't want to get myself cut
up anymore until those other ones healed
because it'd be just having to handle
every single one of them all the time
and just I want to have to deal with
having to touch myself up all the time
yeah we're gonna go back in now and
rejoin everyone I've been told that
finding donors in the vampire community
is not easy and Amanda is considered
extremely valuable for those like sue
who refer to themselves as blood addicts
even though there is no addictive
component in human blood feeding any
type of craving can be rewarding
psychologically and some people will go
to extraordinary lengths to do so